** ENCHANTMENT
  ~ ( ) Colors configuration.
    ~~ (x) Hyprland.
    ~~ (x) Zathura.
    ~~ (x) Foot terminal.
    ~~ (-) Rofi.
    ~~ (x) Zsh. 
  ~ (-) Make different configuration options for automation. 
  ~ (-) Move zsh aliases to nix
  ~ (-) Create zellij layouts with names. [zellij layouts]{https://zellij.dev/tutorials/layouts/}.
  ~ ( ) Move neovim from external flake into system.
  ~ ( ) Add neovim keybindings for telescope.
  ~ (-) Font config.
  ~ ( ) SEe raf (notashelf) conf.
  ~ ( ) Create telegram wrapper with {https://github.com/viperML/wrapper-manager}.
      
#Solved
  ~ (x) Make home-manager separated.
  ~ (x) Add zsh plugins, and setup it.
  ~ (x) Browser nix config.
  ~ (x) Neovim nix config.
  ~ (x) Add telegram keybindings.
  ~ (x) Move all home autostart things to systemd.
  ~ (x) Automate backups with btrbk.

- Not important (long term)
  ~ ( ) Make configuration more suckless, remove bloated stuff
   ~~ ( ) Pass insted keepassxc.
   ~~ ( ) Add secrets manager.
  ~ ( ) Add automate laptop lock.
  ~ ( ) Make waybar modules top and bottom padding more.
  ~ ( ) Hypr picker theme when selecting source for display.
  ~ ( ) Create btrfs snapshot for home files.
  ~ ( ) Add tpm encription management.
   ~~ ( ) Deal with bios password.
  ~ ( ) Add this [rust-tools]{https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim} plugin.
  ~ ( ) Add browser notify's for dunst.
  ~ ( ) Migrate invidtui to nix.
  ~ ( ) Switch todos to `.md`.

* Trash
 ~ (_) fix, nixos sometimes stucks on switch root sytemd state. # seems it was only on one version of something.
 ~ (_) Learn tmux. # Zellij better lol.
  

